[jaunty music playing]
[man] Hey. can you not
drive like a lunatic today?
[man 2] You're worried
about traffic laws?
You think people like us
care about breaking rules?
[man] Have a problem
with our business?
[man 2] Come on. man. You know the rules
in the killing industry aren't fair.
We can only take shows
sanctioned by the company.
We're not allowed to kill anyone
underage? How lame is that?
[man sighs] You know what
really pisses me off?
Cha Min-kyu. chairman of MK
Entertainment. biggest name in the biz.
he made those stupid rules.
How are unemployed freelancers
like us supposed to make a living?
[man 2] I hate that
word. "unemployed."
[man] Shit. even talking about
him makes me want to kill him.
[scoffs] There's an idea!
Should I send a bloody
knife to Cha Min-kyu?
[man 2 scoffs] Why?
You have a death wish?
You have no chance
against Cha Min-Kyu.
Who do you think you
are. Gil Boksoon?
Oh. wait. who's that hotshot from
MK? He's got that insect name.
Cricket? Termite?
What's his name again?
MANTIS
[man] We need to make all
the money we can right now.
It's not like we're
getting a pension.
[man 2] Just be grateful
we can make a living.
Lots of the young guys out
there are just sitting around
because all the work dried up.
Shit. Young ones out there really have
the wrong mindset in this business.
How can they say there's
no more jobs here?
They simply want to avoid hard
work but still make money.
It's the very
definition of privilege.
That's why they call
you a boomer. brother.
Don't blame the young ones.
They're not at fault here.
You should blame the
fucked-up social structure.
No. no. the kids can't
blame the social structure.
That's always been fucked.
And getting worse. These
kids can't get work.
And me and you can't even
make it with two jobs.
Then you're 50. and they
start pushing you out.
It's a fucked-up situation. Hmm.
Mmm. Ah. welcome to this
ridiculous life of ours.
[gas pump clicks]
[man clears throat]
What are you doing?
[man] Taking a piss.
Ugh. We're running late. Hurry.
[bell dings]
[man chokes]
[man] Huh?
[man 3 gurgles]
[sighs] Ah. jeez.
Would it have killed him
to do a neater job? Shit.
-[chokes]
-[bones crack]
[ominous music playing]
[man grunts]
[urine trickling]
[bell dings]
[clicking]
[man 4] Rule number one.
you are not allowed to
kill anyone underage.
Rule number two.
you will only take on shows
sanctioned by your company.
Rule number three…
[breathes shakily]
…you have to attempt every
show sanctioned by your group.
But… MK made those rules.
Those of us without any jobs can't afford
to play by those rules. and you know that.
Not true.
I'm sure lots of groups are
interested in men of your talent.
Any company in this
industry that's not MK
isn't worth the paper
their money is printed on.
[chuckles]
So. my brother?
Did you at least make
his death painless?
They did. I'm sure.
Your brother… didn't really
put up much of a fight.
[upbeat action music playing]
[pants]
If you go that way. you'll
have a tough time. [chuckles]
[man] Wait.
Who are you?
[sickles clang]
[dramatic music playing]
What took you so long?
[sighs]
I get so bored waiting.
[man] Oh.
Judging by those
sickles in both hands.
you must be that hotshot
I keep hearing about.
What do they call
you? Grasshopper?
[mysterious chords play]
[sighs]
[man] No. wait. wait. I know.
-The… the Ladybug!
-Ah. sheesh.
The Mosquito? The Cockroach?
I'm the Mantis. you asshole!
That's "M" for motherfucker.
"A" for kick your ass.
"N" for never call me Cockroach!
It's rude to call someone an
asshole on your first meeting.
I think your parents
didn't raise you right.
That aside. it's so
exciting to finally see you.
It is?
Hyung.
It looks like this old man's
scared of you. but thinks I'm easy.
What an honor!
It looks like me and my brother
still have an A-ranking.
seeing as how you showed up in
person. along with your young insect.
Don't get full of
yourself. old guy.
His presence was requested only because
we needed to chat before I go on vacation.
I know you arrived late
intentionally… [sighs]
…to make me angry.
So now I'm off.
Hold on. We need to talk.
You can't leave yet!
Take a seat. and I'll
handle this fast. okay?
Just a second. all right?
[sighs]
[electronic action
music playing]
[both grunting]
I like your style. cockroach.
[Mantis] Mm-hmm.
[grunts]
[man grunting]
[exhales]
[exhales sharply]
[sighs]
[man yells]
[Mantis yells]
[both grunting]
[man screaming]
[groans] Ugh!
[moaning loudly]
[meditative flute plays]
[man 3 laughs]
Nice job. Ladybug!
[chuckles]
Don't call me that! It's Mantis.
[Min-kyu] Hello.
it's the Chairman.
We'll need two
cleaners right away.
Yeah. it was Mantis.
So it's really messy. Right.
Cut to the chase. I
have other things to do.
Oh. I just want out
of my contract. okay?
You and I know a seven-year
contract is unfair.
considering my popularity.
You joining another company?
Hmm?
Or are you going solo?
-Well. um…
-I get it.
This concerns your
friend Jae-yi.
Come on. It's not exactly that.
Enjoy your vacation. okay? Hmm?
Wait. Chairman.
What is it?
[ominous music plays]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
What are you doing?
A bloody knife.
Or sickle. actually.
[sighs]
[suspenseful music playing]
Wait a minute.
Were you… seriously
gonna take that?
[laughs] It's a joke!
Just kidding. Chairman. [laughs]
Look at your face! Don't
take things so seriously!
[laughs]
[sighs]
I'll enjoy the
vacation. Thank you.
[scoffs]
[Chairman] I don't think you have
what it takes to make it on your own.
Being a skilled
negotiator is key.
[Mantis] Hey. I just
negotiated with my blade!
[Chairman] True. and it
actually almost worked.
Wait. It did?
Should I… offer it to you again?
Or not.
When you return. let's
change your contract.
And set up an
interview for Jae-yi.
Whoa! For real?
So cool! Thank you!
Hey. you better not go
back on that later. okay?
[chuckles] Amazing!
-[honks horn]
-Remember… you're a man of your word!
All hail. Cha Min-kyu!
Let's go MK!
Whoo!
[Mantis] Hey! Didn't I tell
you to have faith in me?
You're an MK employee
now! [chuckles]
So while I'm gone. make
sure you stay in shape. x
[upbeat electronic
music playing]
Wait. what? What do you mean?
MK was doing great.
Why would it go under?
Wait. say that again.
Min-kyu?
Min-kyu is…
He's dead now?
Boksoon was the killer?
I'm so jealous.
I had him. I should've taken
him out when I had the chance.
Hey! Where are you?
-You picking me up?
-[Jae-yi] I can't. I'm working.
[Mantis] What? We haven't
hung out in like forever.
MURDER SUSPECT WANTED
I've got some loose
ends to tie up.
Talk to you later.
[man grunts]
Jeez. I know. work is important.
-Glad you have a gig.
-[man grunting]
Keep working by yourself. And
make all that money for yourself.
-[man 2] There he is! Over there!
-Quite a crowd here.
[Jae-yi] Oh. right.
Rumor has it MK tanked.
so other companies are staking
out the airport for you.
[man 2] Mantis. how's it going?
-Mantis?
-We wanna talk about a contract.
-[overlapping chatter]
-Hey.
-[man 3] Let's have lunch.
-Whoa. folks. chill!
Take it easy!
Ah.
[Jae-yi] Good luck!
[grunts]
[man] Ooh. that's hot.
[sighs]
Okay.
[Jae-yi] Hi. I'm back!
Nice work out there.
That smells awesome.
Mmm. galbi-jjim?
The great Han-ul returns.
I'll bet he really missed
Korean food while he was away.
So I thought I'd cook enough
to share with everyone.
So. you really think
you can recruit him?
Even if MK dissolves into thin
air. Han-ul won't join us here.
-[man] I didn't say that.
-[Jae-yi sighs]
What's this?
EVICTION NOTICE
Oh. that.
We have to move out of the
office at the end of the month.
Ugh. now I'll have to
dust off my blades.
You're in no condition for that.
I'll take on extra shows. so
get me some. Even D-level ones.
Sorry. kid.
Your talent is wasted here.
I would've been so screwed
after my company fell apart.
and you took me in.
Ah! You kidding me?
[panting]
The fucking elevator
still doesn't work?
What's with the fashion failure?
Is it European?
You like that?
The latest line.
You love your boy Mantis now.
-Hi. Mantis! How have you been?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I know. it's been a while. Wait.
[sniffs] What's that smell?
Oh. a certain someone
made some food
because a certain
fighting bug was coming.
-[Mantis] Whoa. galbi-jjim?
-It's just galbi-jjim. yeah.
I had a ton… in Europe.
That stuff was everywhere.
-Oh. sure. Yeah.
-Hey. come here.
-The gang's waiting.
-[woman] Dude!
-Can I leave my stuff here?
-Oh. for sure you can. It's a pleasure.
Come on!
[groans]
Get going.
[woman] I'll be right back.
[dance music playing]
[man] Yeah. drink up!
[dance music continues]
Sorry dude. we're booked.
Open up. or I cut
off your fingers.
He told us to stop letting people
in because he doesn't like crowds.
What asshole said this?
[guard] The Mantis.
You want in still?
Whoa. no. All cool.
[laughing]
[man] So Jae-yi was this close
to being reinstated to MK.
What's she gonna do now?
You seem pissed
off about it. Why?
You know. if Jae-yi joined the company.
then we'd be next for recruitment.
Oh. in your mind.
we're equals. huh?
-You think we're the same?
-Whoa. chill. bro!
Don't "bro" me. bro!
You think he has
a drum for a head?
The least you can do is
pay him before you hit him.
Hey.
Did all of you really think you'd
be next once Jae-yi joined MK?
Uh-huh.
You all are crazy. You
kidding me right now?
Yo!
This isn't something
I owe any of you!
-Su-min. why are you keeping quiet?
-[Su-min] What do you mean?
[man] When Mantis was in Europe. you
said we should all start a company.
Start a what now?
-Hey. we were just floating an idea.
-Is that so crazy? We have you.
That's right. It's possible
given your amazing reputation.
-Yeah. it could.
-[man] I knew it could!
Now hold on a minute. Hold on.
The boomers are getting
absolutely destroyed.
It's a golden opportunity now!
Hey. he's great at fighting people.
but running a company's different.
Stop talking. You're
making it worse.
All I'm saying is maybe we want
someone like Jae-yi to run the company.
She has her shit together and
doesn't beat up her employees.
Listen. you punks. I said
I'd look out for Jae-yi.
I never said I'd take
care of all of you!
Why would I need
taking care of. anyway?
[Mantis] What?
When did I ever ask you
to get me work anywhere?
She's got a point. You can't
say you'll take care of a woman
if she's already taken.
What do you mean by taken?
[tuts] Ugh.
You're seeing someone?!
Holy shit.
Good for you. girl.
Whoa. so Jae-yi's
dating a guy. Wow.
Well. congrats my friend.
[sighs]
I need a bathroom real quick.
[man] Hey. hey.
-Nice job. dipshit.
-[man 2] What? What did I do?
[sighs]
[Mantis] Hey!
You think anyone can
start a business?
Yeah?
Wanna know why I need
to take care of you?
Because you don't have
the chops to survive.
-[Jae-yi] What?
-[man] We certainly don't.
Yeah. no kidding!
You don't think I
have the chops. huh?
No.
We're all tied up. It's
even at eight each.
You kept score? That's cute.
But it's nine to seven.
That's the truth.
And after that one time. you
know. I won nine in a row.
Do you honestly think
that you got me for real?
Look. you know I don't lie.
[grunts]
Shit!
[both grunting]
[Mantis] Ah!
[Jae-yi] Ah!
[both grunting]
[onlookers] Oh!
[man] Come to think of it.
I also heard that Jae-yi
beat Mantis back in the day.
Then why would MK bring up our boy
Mantis first if that was the case?
You gotta believe
me. That's the truth.
This is why Jae-yi got
pissed off and left MK.
Whatever. Shouldn't one of us
break up their fight at least?
Do you remember… when I lost
to you those seven times?
It was eight.
Yeah. sure. seven.
But the truth is. I never
got angry when I lost.
[panting]
Wanna know why?
[Jae-yi] Don't read
too much into it.
I was just helping
you up. That's all.
[both panting]
[sighs]
[Jae-yi sighs]
Oh. of course.
So. uh… your boyfriend.
Is he a civilian. or
does he work like us?
Of course. you have nothing to gain
by dating anyone from this business.
Who cares? None of this matters.
MK is being destroyed right now.
Hey. like I've been saying for
a while. MK is totally ruined.
All the investors
have pulled out.
And all that remains are
figurehead executives.
They have nothing right now.
A company like MK can't
be stopped so easily.
-[Jae-yi chuckles]
-Listen.
MK's Cha Min-kyu may be dead.
but they have that lady Cha
Min-hee who works under him.
Oh. she's dead as well.
Boksoon handled that.
Fucking hell. That bitch
has got a lot of issues.
Enough of that.
Hey. weren't you gonna talk with
the guys about a new venture?
Yeah.
There might be this one guy.
Who?
Ah…
[exhales sharply]
Care to join?
[hip-hop music
blaring from house]
♪ Watch 'em work To kill
and make 'em hurt. like ♪
♪ Does she twerk? Now I
can go to work. right? ♪
♪ Work. work. work. work ♪
♪ Watch 'em go to Work.
work. work. work. work ♪
♪ Watch 'em work. kill
and make 'em hurt ♪
♪ Does she twerk? ♪
Old-guy party.
[man laughing]
♪ I give it my all.
I get what I need… ♪
[man] Wait.
Oh.
-That who I think it is?
-Yeah.
[man] An honor to meet you.
Benjamin Jo. Meta Co.
[Mantis] "Meta Software."
-Oh. Oh.
-[Benjamin] Mmm.
So what can I do for you?
[chuckles]
A massive fan. Mantis.
Sir. we're running late.
[Benjamin] Ah. shit.
Looks like my meeting
is starting up.
Man that bites.
But give me a ring.
[Mantis] Yeah. all right.
Why should I call this clown?
Hey. old man!
[chuckles] What's
going on with you?
-Not like I stayed in communication.
-[groans]
I've been really busy.
Chill. chill. chill out. Listen to me!
It's not like you were calling either!
Old Man Dokgo? Mantis
and the old man?
What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong
with Mantis seeing his former teacher.
After all. Dokgo is the one who
provided Mantis with his nickname.
-Right. queen?
-Mmm.
I'm jealous. If I had a master like Dokgo.
I'd be living in a better place than this.
You should respect the
hospitality of our host.
-[man] I'm just saying.
-It's all good. you asshole.
Now shut up and eat your food.
So why didn't you
tag along with him?
It's not like you're busy today.
Yeah. I have a date later. Hmm.
Wow. you've really been living
it up in your retirement.
Good for you.
[sucks air between teeth]
Hey. I'm not gonna touch it.
[chuckles] Shit. dude.
[chuckles] And this is the stuff
you chose to put on display?
Ah. so ugly.
[intense action music playing]
[both grunting]
[Mantis groans]
Shit! Relax. what the...
-[grunts]
-[Mantis yelps]
[coughing]
That's a horrible way to say
hello to your favorite student.
Ugh.
[groans]
[grunts]
[grunts] This is no way
to treat your guests.
You weren't invited.
You're too old for this shit.
Oh. [grunting]
-Mmm.
-[laughs]
Bet that hurt.
Mm-hmm.
[both grunting]
Oh. so you wanna go hard?
Hey. hey. look what I found.
[both grunting]
[grumbles]
That's not fair. I have two
weapons and you only have one.
Okay.
That works.
[sighs]
[grunts]
Oh. shit!
[Dokgo growls]
Huh?
Ah!
[Dokgo grunts]
[panting]
[Dokgo yells]
[music stops]
[panting]
[laughs]
Okay. enough with
this shit. I'm hungry.
-[tuts] Punk.
-Ow!
-Ooh!
[rhythmic electronic
music playing]
[music stops]
[Mantis sighs]
Eat your own food.
[Mantis] I took one fry.
You know. a steady diet
of this crap at your age
would be bad for your health.
You'll clog up your arteries.
If you were so worried about my
health. maybe you should've visited me.
I didn't. 'cause you and Min-kyu
ended things on shitty terms.
[Dokgo breathing heavily]
[Mantis] I'm your student. and
I was really worried about you.
And I felt bad
about what happened.
[Dokgo] Why did you feel bad?
You were just an
intern at the time.
A company exec handed a
bloody knife to the chairman.
And of course. the
chairman accepted it.
Instead of paying with my
life. I was allowed to retire.
so I'm happy with it.
But what went down between you two?
You created the company together.
[sighs] It was just personal.
Not your business. son.
[Dokgo grunts]
Now wait a minute.
[lighter clicks]
So if you're telling
me you're retired.
then what was that douchey businessman
doing rubbing elbows at your dumb party?
That shady dude.
Is this asshole investing in
you? You starting something new?
He's young and very immature. He
wants to learn more about the work.
It's not the money
that interests him.
So what this means…
Is MK's thinking of
bringing you in once again.
You better answer my question.
Who knows if you'll
see me again.
It's not like anyone's
begging for you.
I have offers. You have no idea.
[Dokgo laughs]
[Mantis] So. seriously…
Mr. Chairman.
Because chairman is what
I should call you. huh?
Or should I put it this way?
So. Mr. Chairman. your
company's in shambles.
Why aren't you making a move?
That's how I get them
to come looking for me.
-Like you are right now.
-Oh. so that's it.
Okay. since we're
on the subject.
Mr. Chairman. I'd like
to ask you for a favor.
Do you remember Shin Jae-yi? She
was the top student in my class.
[action music playing]
[Jae-yi grunts]
[Dokgo] You want me
to bring in someone
who left on her own?
I'd have done the same
if I was in her shoes.
After all. you chose
me. even though she won.
What we wanted
was you.
Who's we?
[Dokgo] Stop!
[students murmuring]
Any thoughts?
It appears the results are in.
[indistinct chatter]
[Min-kyu] Let's go
check out the video.
[grunting]
Hmm. Shin Jae-yi's
moves are clean.
She more than lives up to her
reputation as a strong performer.
See where the practice weapon
in his right hand makes contact?
He connects with a shallow
cut around the pancreas.
but even with a real blade.
it would only be superficial.
Should we keep watching?
[grunting]
He knows Shin Jae-yi
is right-handed.
So he forces her to
block on her right side.
But what if they
used real blades?
[Jae-yi grunting]
It's just not going to work out.
The gap between their skills will
become even wider going forward.
And Shin Jae-yi
will never catch up to
the skills of Lee Han-ul.
Come.
Teach your dual-weapon
method to the boy instead.
He has the skills.
and your fighting style
will be a great fit for him.
[somber music playing]
Unfortunately. this will
be tough on both of you.
I can't include Shin Jae-yi
under any circumstances.
[Mantis] Why? What's the reason?
Jae-yi was uncomfortable
seeing you as well.
If she was uncomfortable.
she must've had reasons.
I can tell you why if you want.
[tuts]
Nah. I'm gonna pass. thanks.
If you hadn't come to me.
I would certainly
have sought you out.
When I start the new MK. I'll need
members of the younger generation.
And when my time is up…
Your time will come.
[knives slashing]
[Dokgo] Until then.
don't waste any time on her.
[sighs]
Why on Earth would
you go on a date here?
-How did you find this place?
-Your boss told me.
He said you take your gear
whenever you go on a date.
I see.
Your boyfriend is so ugly.
Has he treated you wrong?
Want me to kick his ass?
You're fucking dead!
[grunts]
[slashing]
[panting]
Ah!
-[Jae-yi] Where?
-Higher.
-Where? Right here?
-A little…
-Or here?
-Wait. stop. Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
[groans]
I guess the old man
still has some game. huh?
They don't say he's an old
man just because he's old.
It's his years of experience.
[groans]
-[grunts]
-Oh. okay then.
You said you didn't want to start
a business. What made you change?
The old man plant a seed?
Listen to me. I know
I'm good at this.
And the old man. he could get
a lot more from a deal than me.
Isn't that why you left and
started your own company?
Yes. I started a
company. which I ruined.
Because you didn't have
me back in the day.
[sighs]
As good as you are. you
can't go it alone here.
These guys don't have the brains you
have. but they do have some skills.
[Jae-yi] It's not
like it used to be.
It won't be easy finding
an investor. even for you.
[Mantis] Boom!
What do you think? Good?
What else does
Jae-yi need to hear?
Uh…
What?
Oh. come on.
You just can't keep on wasting
your life in that shitty office.
Get yourself out of there.
I can do it for you
if you're too scared to do it.
[man] Oh. I see.
I had a hunch this was coming.
In addition to that.
it wouldn't be right holding on to
you with how slow it's going here.
I'm sorry about all this.
Hey. hey. don't worry about me.
I'm fine.
I'll still visit. okay?
Sure.
-Su-min.
-[Su-min] Yeah?
So there's this guy named A. and
someone else who we'll call B.
-They're ball buddies. Childhood friends.
-I'm guessing B has no balls. right?
And so. B says she has these dates.
but it turns out that that's a lie.
So why would she lie?
My theory.
B knows that A is into her. but
this information makes B uneasy.
You think it might be… you?
B clearly also likes A.
The answer is clearly that
B has no passion for A.
[curious music playing]
[Mantis] For fuck's sake.
what's taking them so long?
[sighs] The great Mantis.
so completely transparent.
[man] Don't go just yet. Please.
-I've still got some fight left in me.
-[Jae-yi] Please. sir.
-[man] Jae-yi. just stay for three months.
-Ah. shit.
-[man] That's all I ask.
-[Jae-yi] I can't. [sighs]
[man] Can't you at least stay
on with us until I find someone?
Please think about
it. Jae-yi. huh?
[Mantis] Hey! I can't believe
you pricks are running late.
Wasting time stuffing your face!
We already prepped
the presentation.
Hey. uh. how did you find us a
major sponsor just like that?
We play Blood High School
all the time. you know.
Blood… what?
[Benjamin] What do you think
from a professional standpoint?
-[men] Hello.
-[Su-min] Hello.
Here's a sequel to Blood High
School. which is about to drop.
Speaking as a professional.
I have to say that
it'd be more realistic for
the characters to just die.
But why would any of us play a
game no different from reality?
-True. No one would play it. for sure.
-Exactly.
[laughing]
Wow. Pretty girl.
I need a 3D scan of you. Turn
you into a game character.
[chuckles]
[man] Last year. a total
of 317.600 people died.
This was a 12.340 or 4.2%
increase over the past year.
As for our company's hit
numbers… Should I continue?
Just get the next slide.
Okay. regarding the ROI...
Aren't these MK's old numbers from
when they were still standing?
Murder-for-hire businesses
are rarely profitable.
This is because of personal
training and operating expenses.
Enough of this talk of costs.
Not much to be made anyway.
Do you think it'd be okay if
I personally watched you work?
-What?
-If I saw it in person. it'd help a lot.
You know why I'm
interested in this?
I don't think your
reasons are important.
Exactly. It's not the profits or
numbers that I find interesting.
TEAM MEMBER
INTRODUCTION SHIN JAE-YI
[Benjamin chuckles]
[gasps]
I knew there was
something about her.
Is she your girlfriend. Mantis?
Oh. sorry.
Rude of me to pry
in private matters.
So…
[tuts]
…shall we move on to
something interesting?
-First up. Kim Dong-young.
-[clears throat]
-He's a veteran of seven years...
-[Benjamin] Not him.
Put Jae-yi's charts
up on screen. please.
You already ran a company. You
know. I believe I've heard of it.
That's right. It was an up-and-coming gang
back when the industry was successful.
but it failed due to
the monopoly of MK.
[Benjamin] Huh. Weren't
you once an MK intern?
[laughs] Ironic.
You were this hotshot
back when you started.
but you moved to
an unknown company.
-Why is that?
-[Jae-yi] Hmm.
[Mantis] She didn't just
move. She was the chairwoman.
A lot of the indie gangs would not
have picked an employee of her caliber.
And the bigger gangs shunned her because
she turned her company into a joke?
Did I get that right?
[tense music playing]
[sighs]
You know what? I will
personally endorse her.
So can we now continue?
Exactly how good is she?
Maybe she should
spar with Mantis?
[scoffs]
Ah. sorry about that.
But all of this is the
information I wanna know.
Jae-yi. if you were to maybe fight
against your boy Mantis. who'd win?
God fucking damn it. We're not one
of your fucking video characters.
Listen. I make
video games. I know.
Oh. and I'm a killer for hire.
And the next time we meet.
I'll make sure I kill you.
Okay!
We're out!
Huh?
-This motherfucker's completely crazy.
-What's happening?
[Benjamin] Hey.
you two can stay.
I'm extremely
curious. [chuckles]
[Mantis] What are you
doing? I said. "Let's go!"
Don't make your boyfriend wait.
We're sorry.
[laughs]
Do you have any clue what this
opportunity could've done for us all?
He's an annoying prick who
wouldn't treat us like humans.
That little punk was
disrespectful to us.
You kill people for a living.
So their manners aren't awesome?
You're an idiot!
You really wanna work with
someone who treats you so poorly?
Uh-huh.
What?
I want to do business with him.
-Start a company.
-[scoffs]
Shit. I'll find you work. okay?
You know I'm the Mantis.
That's back when MK was
getting you gigs and a salary.
I'm still the
Mantis. MK or solo.
But what about us?
-You stay out if this.
-This is exactly the point.
You're the fucking
Mantis. right?!
So what are we?
-You want another ass kicking?
-Whoa. Whoa. stop it. Stop it.
-And you too. Back off. okay?
-No. it's not okay.
Now I'm telling you.
This is all because of you.
What?
It's so clear that Mantis got
mad at him because of you.
It's right in front of your
noses. Can't you see it?
Tell her you like her. if you
do. or start going out with him.
Just stop acting
like two stupid kids!
[sighs] You two. I'm so
sick and tired of this all.
[sighs]
I'm going back up there.
Why should I miss out
because of you two idiots?
Su-min. Bboombye. what
are you guys gonna do?
In or out?
Good for you. I'm out.
-[Su-min] Kim Dong-young. wait!
-[Bboombye] Hey! Hey. Dong-young!
[Dong-young] Let go. damn it!
[Jae-yi] Where are you going?
He's a psychopath.
You know it's true.
You blew it up there.
Here you go.
[Jae-yi] Whoa. this is…
Yeah.
The hell you mean. yeah?
You must be an idiot.
All the time you spent at MK.
and this is all you saved?
You've wasted a lot of
money all these years.
The hotel reservations.
fancy cars. luxury goods.
I sold my car. you know.
And this is what you drive now?
Does it even run?
How else do you think
I got here. Jae-yi?
So take that car and join the company
while the offer's still on the table.
Don't do this for me. got it?
[emotional music playing]
Was that all cause of me?
Did you know too?
I guess that Su-min was right.
You pretended not to know because
it made you uncomfortable.
And it's not you. I
did this for myself.
I have a reputation
as the Mantis. right?
I can't start working
for another guy.
I should start my very own
company. like MK. only cooler.
I won't make it
awkward for you. okay?
So help me out a little.
-Why?
-So now you wanna know why?
You are so talented.
At some things.
[Jae-yi sighs]
You're right. I'm good
at some things. I guess.
I won't assist you.
We're doing this
together. equally.
I'm chairman. though.
[groans] Oh.
It's only logical.
How would you book gigs
without my experience?
Let's see you land one show.
MK clients would love to hear
that I have a new company.
Deal?
[sighs]
[upbeat music playing]
Hey! I worked a lot
of channels for these.
I'll allocate shows by complex
evaluations of your strengths.
Don't fuck this up. because
I will punish you severely.
-Yes. sir. Mr. Chairman!
-Who. Mantis?
The departure of Dong-young
has us all a little down.
so let's move on now.
-Yes. Ms. Vice-Chairwoman!
-Vice-Chairwoman?
Hooray. extra points for
Managing Director Yang.
I love how quickly
she's learning.
Whoa. wait. You're
a managing director?
Just one small thing. sir.
Are these our only shows?
You'd think we'd
start with more.
Work hard. then more work
will continue flowing.
This one's an A. so I will
handle it. This one's for Jae-yi.
-And this one's for Miss Yang.
-Wait. the D-level show is mine?
This is a B. so I
will take it as well.
As for this C-level one.
let's have Miss Yang take it.
-What should I do?
-A special undertaking just for you.
We'll have a company
dinner. so make it yummy.
-[Bboombye] What?
-Just find a restaurant. I'm starving.
[Su-min] Yes. sir.
[Bboombye] Does the company have a
credit card yet. or do you have cash?
Let's go.
Vice-Chairwoman. Keep up!
Yes. sir. Here I come. Chairman.
-[Mantis] What'll we eat?
-[Bboombye] Spicy sausage stew.
[Mantis] Let's have
rice noodles instead.
-[Mantis] Okay. here we go!
-[Su-min] Whoo!
[Jae-yi] Cheers!
[dance music playing]
-[Su-min] Ah!
-[Bboombye yells]
[cheering]
Chairman. tell me. what
are we calling our company?
The name? What's the name?
MANTIS COMPANY
Let's do it.
Oh!
[grunts]
[man choking]
[video game fighting noises]
[Mantis] Whoa. what's
with that low ball offer?
How are we supposed to make
a living with that shit?
[Dokgo] I have no choice if
I'm going to bring MK back.
You think I have it easy?
Even when we get good
shows on the books.
we just don't have the superior
talent like you that we can rely on.
Honorable Chairman.
what if you were to outsource
a few gigs to our company?
If MK doesn't want to
take those on. okay?
Even better if they're A shows.
Looks like your chairman position
has turned you into an adult.
The mighty Mantis
is actually begging.
Let's get real. Are you
helping us out or not?
On one condition.
Of course there's a catch here.
[Dokgo] Ever since
Min-kyu passed away.
the number of unemployed
workers has doubled.
In other words. the era of playing
by the rules is utterly over.
This is why I want to set things
straight before more of the year goes by.
Now. if the very talented
Mantis comes on board with us.
then I know things
would go smoothly.
You mean you're gonna clamp down on
other organizations like the old days?
Yeah. that's why people are
so desperate to join you.
It all makes sense now.
Why did you bother leaving and
causing yourself all that trouble?
Huh?
[intense music playing]
Move aside.
I got this.
[music fades]
Why would you call off a show
like that right out of the blue?
We already had a
scenario all ready to go.
Come on. Don't be like that.
You're holding a big
grudge against the target.
We can ensure their
death is extra painful.
Leave it up to the...
Hello?
Damn.
[Mantis] Again?
Ugh. for fuck's sake. C-level or not.
that was our first show in a while.
Ugh.
Oh. at least every now
and then you're out there.
Look at my killer hands covered
in eczema. That look right?
No.
Please say something
to Mantis today.
Chairman is how he should be
referred to on company grounds.
Who cares? This is between us.
Are you saying Mantis
isn't one of us?
You're the one who
calls him boss.
And besides. you also
have a ton of complaints.
We're short on work.
and our beloved chairman
has been taking on the few
shows we manage to land.
-What about me?
-[Su-min] What about you?
So Han-ul is best
suited for those.
If it bothers you. maybe
book shows yourself.
Hey. it's not that easy.
Not when Mantis does
practically everything.
-At least Han-ul takes care of yo...
-Sh!
Man. if I knew things
would turn out like this.
I would've gone with Dong-young.
[Su-min] Hey. Bboombye!
[door opens]
Which of you pricks left the
recycling all over the hallway?
Welcome back. sir.
It was him.
Did you come here
straight from a show?
I had another one on the way.
This one's for you. Jae-yi.
I only got it because someone
botched it. It needs to happen today.
It has to be now?
It's not difficult.
You can do it.
Hey. Bboombye. Did you work on that
scenario I told you to draft up?
Either of you guys want this?
-No?!
-You kidding?
What the fuck is going on?
I saved that one just for you.
Huh?
Chairman. I'm…
I need a minute with you.
We can't keep this up.
If we're going to run a company.
then we must give everyone a chance.
-So the punks have been complaining?
-Oh. come on. it's not like that.
You're the chairman here.
And they all depend on you.
[Mantis] Yeah. I know.
But they all earn a salary.
and they're not starving.
Is there any other
boss better than me?
I hustle. trying to
make the best deals.
and then split the money
with each one of you.
Then quit hustling and offer
some work to your workers.
We can't screw up even once.
We're just getting off the
ground. It could ruin everything.
Huh? Why start a company
if you don't trust anyone?
You could've booked work solo.
The only reason you are who you are is
because the MK leaders had faith in you.
I'm not like those guys. okay?
-How about me?
-[scoffs]
What about you?
Oh. please. You too?
It's tiring as it is.
I take care of you and
get you your fair share.
[tuts]
You said you wouldn't make
things awkward. right?
The way you blatantly
favor me makes it hard.
especially when you do
it in front of others.
I get it.
I'll no longer be
looking out for you.
Better?
You never trusted me
with an A-level show.
You're so full of it.
You see everyone. including
myself. as completely beneath you.
Okay.
You want me to make sure you
book my A-level shows. right?
[Jae-yi] You still don't get it.
You pretend you're
looking out for everyone.
when really. you despise
them. It's disgusting!
Ah. shit.
[sighs]
So you think I'm disgusting?
Yeah?
Yo!
If it wasn't for me. you would've been
completely screwed. You know that?
Isn't that why you ran out
on Benjamin's opportunity.
and you joined up
with a prick like me?
What?! Am I wrong here?
If you hate me looking
down on you so much.
do better than me so
that you can be the boss.
What? You want to fight me now?
Huh?
[pensive music playing]
[sighs] So you're always right.
You're a hell of a boss. Mantis.
[water running]
[emotional music playing]
[Dokgo] How's it
going with Jae-yi?
No problems between you?
[mysterious music playing]
You know. you keep talking as
if you have something to share.
[phone vibrating]
Oh. well. timing's perfect.
Here's the partner.
Hello. Vice-Chairwoman.
What is it?
It's all done. I'll head straight
home without going to the office.
Oh. sounds good.
Hope you return home
safely. So tomorrow...
Wait. um. hello?
[Dokgo] You still wanna hear it?
The reason I said I'm
not working with her.
Ugh. enough. Stop with the
bullshit and just say it.
[suspenseful music playing]
As for Min-kyu and me. wonder
why it turned out that way?
You said the issue was personal.
I've got company.
[Dokgo] I was angry…
[glass clinks]
…that someone was
better than me on the same team.
[Jae-yi] And who are you guys?
Who cares?
I don't want to know.
I really feel like
shit today. okay?
[sighs]
So you better put up a fight.
Fuck all of you.
Having talent is
an enormous gift.
However. having middling talent
is considered a curse instead.
Why did you pick
Han-ul and not me?
Because if those were real blades
you were using. you would've lost.
[somber music playing]
You don't understand.
judging by your expression.
It's to be expected.
Someone once told me that
you'd never catch
up to Lee Han-ul.
And I believe it.
And Shin Jae-yi will not catch
up to Lee Han-ul. He's better.
"Never." you say?
[Dokgo] Never.
Then let me fight him again.
Let me fight him…
with a proper blade.
[Dokgo] Do you have any
idea what that would mean?
[Jae-yi] I do.
Would I have spoken up if
I didn't get the meaning?
[Dokgo] I don't
dislike kids like you.
which is why I'm
considering something.
If you'll allow me
to go up against him?
[Dokgo] No.
No.
If I'm setting you free or not.
[gasps]
Wait. you're releasing me?
Because I said I
would fight Han-ul?
You pose an extreme risk.
The company needs to
protect its greater assets.
You kids always cause incidents.
The chairman said that. right?
He's the one who said. "Never."
And you accepted it
because you're an idiot.
This is precisely what I'm
talking about. I know you.
[knife clangs]
[grunts]
[intense music playing]
[man yells]
[all grunting]
[Mantis] Jae-yi actually said she
wanted to fight with a real blade?
We have much in
common. she and I.
Particularly.
the way she will
do anything to win.
Stop. right now.
This won't end well for you.
[breathes shakily]
Go to hell.
[yells]
[all grunting]
[screaming]
I knew she thought that
I was her competition.
But that doesn't mean
she wants to kill me.
I didn't wanna kill
Cha Min-kyu either.
[somber music continues]
If this is what you had to say.
you should've told me earlier.
I had no way of knowing that both
of you would remain so close.
Once you leave the company…
Stay away from Han-ul.
Having an unstoppable
force by your side…
It wouldn't be fair to you.
In the end. it was impossible.
I was unable to distance
myself from Cha Min-kyu.
I blamed him.
but I also looked up to him.
[somber music continues]
[Jae-yi grunting]
[yells]
[grunting]
[man yells]
[muffled high-pitched ringing]
[muffled scream]
[man grunts]
[Dong-young] Wait.
wait. wait! Jae-yi!
Hey. Jae-yi. How are you
doing? It's me. Dong-young. Hi!
[knife slashes]
[gasping]
[Mantis] It wasn't Jae-yi
who stayed by my side.
I was the one who
stayed by her side.
If you insist on keeping
that woman by your side.
make sure you let her
know very clearly…
The meaning of the word "never."
If you're done playing.
show yourself now!
[Dong-young gasping]
I told you. I'd do anything to
satisfy my curiosity. didn't I?
Is Mantis really
better than you are?
Why are you still
employed by him?
With your skills?
[music fades]
-[Su-min] Has Jae-yi been in touch?
-[Bboombye] Uh-uh.
[door closes]
-Hey.
-Hey. girl.
Where have you been?
[Bboombye] Ah!
[Mantis] Come eat with us.
I don't feel like eating.
[Bboombye] Mmm.
[slurping]
-[Mantis] Hey. you bastard.
-Ah!
You were drinking
yesterday. I'm sure of it.
[Bboombye] I was not!
[Mantis] I know you were.
You should've been working.
I told you I didn't drink. Besides.
it's not like there's any work to do...
Okay. prick. You're talking
back now? Outside. Let's go.
-[Bboombye] Really?
-[Mantis] Time to knock you down a notch.
Okay. stop. Let
him finish eating.
Where have you been all this
time? You didn't check in.
[Jae-yi] I had work to do.
What kind of work?
Just work.
So tell me. what did you do?
Did you hear me?
I work a lot. Do I have
to report back to you?
-[Mantis] Yeah.
-Why?
You really don't know?
Because you are not in charge.
I'm in charge.
[train rumbling]
So come.
Grab a weapon. Let's go.
-Yo.
-Did you see that?
[suspenseful music playing]
[door slams]
[sighs]
Shouldn't we be heading
outside as well?
They packed their real blades.
Mantis said to stand by and
remain here. Just stay cool.
But how do you think Jae-yi will
match up against Han-ul right now?
We know how much she trained
while Mantis goofed off.
Are you worried or just
curious about the outcome?
Okay. whatever. Fuck
it. I'm heading out.
Wait! Hey!
Don't push yourself.
Once this is done. you've
got some answering to do.
You're talking as if you
think you're gonna win.
[Mantis] I don't
think it. I know it.
It's just a fact.
[sighs]
-[both grunting]
-[suspenseful music continues]
[music stops]
[whispers] What the
fuck happened here?
Okay. let's call it!
When did you get so good? Huh?
Okay.
That's… that's enough.
I get it. You're good.
I'm thinking
you should be in charge now.
What do you say. Chairwoman?
[tender music playing]
[Jae-yi] Join me if you want.
[tender music continues]
[Benjamin] Just
like I predicted.
The movements are completely
different when a professional does it.
[man] She really is unique.
People today all have someone
they really wanna kill.
Murdering vicariously.
[Bboombye] How have
you guys been doing?
Well. so MK outsources to
us. which keeps us busy.
That's crazy.
If MK outsources to you. their
employees only have cleanup duty left.
Hey. you're wasting
your youth with Mantis.
Join us. There's no future
with him. We are the future.
Get this. We found funding.
and our chairwoman is
becoming a huge star.
She's the first-ever
chairwoman in the industry.
Now that Mantis has
totally hit rock bottom.
-I knew you did that.
-Did what?
Expose Mantis and made him hit rock
bottom. setting the stage for Jae-yi.
Girl. are you crazy? You think
I have the power to do that?
What the fuck happened here?
[Su-min] That video
you took that day.
Fucking hell. everyone in
the industry has now seen it.
[Bboombye] It wasn't me.
Then did Jae-yi make you do it? Did
she tell you to upload that video?
The chairwoman was
against it too.
[Su-min sighs]
It's like I said. the packaging is the
difference when you run a business.
PR and marketing.
The rise of an unranked
player who took down Mantis.
a notorious high-ranking player.
[chuckles] That.
and you're a woman.
So I thought of the
perfect nickname for you.
Hey. did you know mantises
are eaten by lizards?
My new name is Lizard?
Killer. right?
Lizard is a perfect fit for
your image. It pops. I love it.
[scoffs]
-No. I prefer my real name.
-We'll go with my name.
Let me be perfectly clear.
About those standards
that MK is using.
do we really need to
follow those rules. huh?
It's totally possible
that they're fading away.
Still. the biggest influence on
this business are their rules.
If you wanna play with the big
boys. you should toe the line.
Principles are obsolete.
Consider it a traffic
light. more or less.
But those traffic lights were set up
by Cha Min-kyu. who's dead and gone.
Ah!
But Dokgo remains alive.
Is he really that special?
So maybe he might get
eaten by the Lizard?
[tense music playing]
So what I'm supposed to get here
is it's not the regulations.
but the person using them.
Am I right?
I just don't like the guy.
He shat on my offer.
So now.
follow my plan. Lizard.
Don't mess this up.
[chuckles]
[Mantis] Why waste your time
bringing this over in person?
You could've sent one
of your underlings.
You really shouldn't have.
-You really let yourself go there. Mantis.
-[Mantis sighs]
Thanks anyway.
I'm so pleased for these
shitty jobs you're offering.
Fine with me.
I didn't say I refuse.
I said. "Thank you." didn't I?
Charming. man.
If you cooperate and do what I ask
at the upcoming assembly session.
then you'll book all
the A-level shows.
The gangs from Beijing
are now all at war.
Well. I'm also from MK. so
I'm all for having rules.
But I don't know whether my
cooperation would have any influence.
I saw that video as well.
I've been hearing a lot of
chatter about Jae-yi's company.
Maybe expansion is next for her.
Does that make you hungry?
You'll get a stomachache
if you overeat.
You still don't want to
return to the company?
Wow. this guy's
hideous. am I right?
[Dokgo] How many shows are
we sending them these days?
[man] We've greatly cut back.
Just one or two a month
so it's not too obvious.
[Dokgo] Cut everything off now.
Yes. sir.
[Su-min] Hey. boss.
If you're not going to MK because
of me. then you don't need to worry.
It's all cool.
-Here's a big one for you.
-Seriously?
So then you'll take the
D-level one? Why would...
No one's forcing you.
No. I'm on it.
You sure you can handle
it? No mistakes. right?
As the new managing director?
I'll prove that the managing director
is ready for the job. Trust me. sir.
-Ah! Shit! My back. Ow!
-[Mantis] Managing Director Yang!
Yeah?
-Doesn't look like you're managing this.
-This is my show! Why are you here?
How could I stay away?
This is totally fucked!
I just got started. okay?
Young man. please wait
until this is done.
I'm not finished with
the puny woman yet.
-One thing. Miss Yang.
-Sh! Let's go!
If you can't wrap this up in
one minute. then you're fired.
[meditative music playing]
-[man yells]
-[Su-min yells]
[man grunting]
Ah!
[both grunting]
[action music playing]
-[man roars]
-[Su-min groans]
-You have 30 seconds remaining.
-[Su-min] What?!
Ah. shit!
-[man yells]
-[Su-min yells]
[both grunting]
Let's go!
[action music playing]
Fifteen to go.
Ah!
[Mantis] Ten!
Nine!
Eight!
Seven!
-Six!
-[grunts]
Five!
Four!
Three!
-Two!
-[yells]
One!
[music stops]
That was cutting it close.
CLEANER
[line ringing]
Mantis calling.
Ordering a cleanup here.
[Su-min] Wow. these B-level
shows are easier than I thought.
An A-level show. I bet.
would be just as easy.
So are you really doing D-level
shows. or were you kidding?
Where are you going? I'm
not done talking to you.
[Mantis] Hello. sir.
Ah. yes. Mantis. Ah.
Wait. What's with the money?
-[Mantis] It's for you. Take it.
-[cleaner] No. sir. That's not necessary.
[Mantis] Take it. I insist.
-[cleaner] Oh. wow. um. I'm not sure…
-[scoffs]
Are you insane? Our organization
is completely in the red.
Yeah. Here.
Get clothes for the
assembly meeting.
Thank you. sir!
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Is that Mantis?
-[man 2] Wait. Who's that?
-[man 3] It's him! That's Mantis!
[man 4] Wait. that's Mantis?
[man 5] He's so good-looking.
-[car door opens]
-[man 6] Hey. Mantis.
Long time. no see.
-They say you started a company.
-[Mantis] Yeah.
And you must be an
employee. The only one?
[Mantis] Yeah.
well. she's enough.
We're running late. right?
Yeah. See ya.
That short on work. huh?
I guess the Mantis isn't
what he used to be.
-[crowd laughing]
-[scoffs] Fuck them.
[laughing]
Stop it. You're embarrassing us.
[man 6] This guy is hilarious.
-Let's go. Let's go.
-[man 7] What a loser.
[horn honking]
Who's this?
Oh. welcome!
It's Chairwoman Shin.
I heard you came up
with your own nickname.
-It's Lizard. right?
-Hello. my old friend.
I did not nickname
myself. Let's go inside.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
[music stops]
For a long time now…
I stayed distant. never
returning to this world of ours.
People were curious.
Why is Dokgo returning?
And why now?
It's true. A lot of people in our
industry asked me to come back.
But it was mostly
because of duty.
I have a duty to us all.
A calling for me to
protect this. our legacy.
that our former
chairman created.
Yes. that leader
who drove me out.
[Jae-yi] When you say legacy.
you're actually talking about
the rules. Is that right?
[crowd murmuring]
I'm Shin Jae-yi. JB group.
I know you well.
Chairwoman Shin.
Something you'd like to say?
Only that you seem to
be talking in circles.
using big words
that say nothing.
Do you mind if I sum up the gist
of your talk to everyone here?
Be my guest.
[footsteps]
I heard you punks haven't been
following our rules recently.
This is why. from now on.
MK promises to return
things to the old days.
Those who don't follow the
rules will get an ass-kicking.
Did that sum it up?
It's true. Thanks to the rules.
we have fewer unemployed.
However. that resulted in work
drying up for the smaller groups.
Because of that. their workers were
forced to break the rules to survive.
Then those companies
had to shut down.
So… are you recommending
we abolish the rules?
You wish to bring in a new
age of unemployed crews?
I'm simply saying that we
should reconsider our approach
if the results are bad.
Does that not make sense?
Is that clear? Should
I speak slower?
[crowd murmuring]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Why are we all just sitting here.
debating about nothing for two hours?
Man. this stuff is too
hard for me to understand.
So what do you say we
wrap it up and go home?
Right now.
Listen.
"I will no longer
abide by these rules."
Show of hands.
[tense music playing]
"We get rid of the need for
sanctioned and approved shows.
even if the big companies
lose some work."
"If the job will pay enough.
I'm willing to become an animal
and kill anybody. even kids."
Show me your support now.
[crowd murmuring]
-It's settled then. We're done.
-[Jae-yi] Hold on.
I never said we shouldn't
abide by the rules.
We live by a code. Those who
don't must be disciplined.
What?
But why is the punishment…
Dished out by those at MK only?
[crowd murmurs]
In last year's
Gil Boksoon event.
five compatriots were
eliminated at the same time.
Then. without our consent.
MK performed an internal
investigation on their own.
And then things got strange.
The director of MK and another
company head lost their lives.
And even more
suspicious than that…
The original chairman of MK.
who created all those rules.
wound up dead as well.
[tense music continues]
Who thinks MK is still
able to judge fairly?
Then who else should do it?
After all. punishments
are only effective
when the strongest enforce them.
So let me take a crack
at the punishing.
Are you sure you
want to be in charge?
Yes.
Then. if you don't mind. will you
prove your abilities right here?
Absolutely.
-[Mantis] Whoa!
-[crowd gasps]
Oh fuck! Chairman!
Chairman!
Chairman! What the hell
were you thinking? Why?
Open your eyes. boss.
This makes me very sad. Mmm.
[tapping Mantis]
Your friend saved you
embarrassment today.
[Su-min] Chairman. please.
Open your eyes. Chairman.
You sure you weren't
spared humiliation instead?
[Su-min yelps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[tapping Mantis]
You can get up now.
Ow! Ow! Ow!
That hurts! I'm not joking.
You deliberately
did that. right?
[somber music playing]
That will do.
Nothing else for now.
She was really out
for blood today.
If she keeps it up…
That's the plan.
[Dokgo] …I won't be
able to let it slide.
You know that Jae-yi
doesn't want that at all.
It's just the curiosity
of that immature prick.
And then what?
[laughs]
And that was it?
Yes. let's talk soon. Yeah.
I kept my end of the deal. so give
us the A-level shows you promised.
Did you finish the
ones I gave you?
So far. I've done one.
And the other one… is set
to go down by sundown.
So complete those jobs. and
then we'll continue talking.
[exhales loudly]
[man] Was there
anything interesting?
Oh yeah. [chuckles]
Come here for a second.
Uh. what now?
Ah. sh. [tuts]
It's nothing. You won't die.
[man] Wait! Wait! Ah!
So wait. We have to
go up against MK now?
Don't you think it's a bit soon?
We're just a new company.
When Benjamin got involved.
I knew the risks increased.
We must play the
role of obedient dog
until we have amassed enough
strength to defeat MK.
What does that mean?
I'll settle my score
with Dokgo eventually.
when I'm ready.
But first. I'll cut
off the hand I grabbed.
Are you saying Mr. Jo
will be on the list?
No one will be
exempt from my list.
[sighs]
[grunts softly]
[suspenseful music playing]
I see.
I knew…
I knew this day would come.
Yeah.
You should've closed shop once you
lost your job and your relevance.
This breaks my heart. you know.
[man sighs]
[clears throat]
Just make it quick.
Before I die.
let me see the
amazing Mantis show.
[Mantis sighs]
If you wanna see my skills.
you should open your eyes.
Open that.
I'll send the head
to the company.
But I'll be keeping the torso.
Are you feeling guilty
or showing pity?
Come on. We need to replace his
clothes. Time's running out.
You're definitely
breaking the rules.
And this will cause
major problems for you.
You think MK will pay much attention
to a crappy show like this one?
[laughs]
[laughs] This is fucking nuts.
We both know that all
human lives are ranked.
What's my place then?
A C ranking?
That's fucking bullshit.
Just do it.
What are you even saying?
Kill me. Just do it already.
What?
So now I'm supposed to bow down
and thank you for saving
this worthless life?
[Mantis gulps]
You seem to feel that it's
someone else ruining your life.
But you chose to
let yourself go.
[sighs]
If you really wanna
know. you ranked a D.
Happy now?
You see that?
Besides. I don't believe
you really wanna die.
If so. you'd probably
fight me instead.
[man grunts]
Go somewhere no one knows you.
Where you can remain
a ghost forever.
[machine whirring]
I could've handled
it if you wanted.
I know that.
OLD MAN DOKGO
Hey. old man.
So. Chairman. what's up?
I've wanted to get
in touch with you.
Those jobs were completed.
Jae-yi did what?
[Dokgo] She sent me a message.
I'm not following.
[chuckling]
[Mantis] You're not actually
gonna take it. are you?
Since I received
this from a junior.
it's my duty to respond
in kind as a senior.
Are you kidding?!
What are you talking
about. old man?
I said if you impede
us. I won't go easy.
That prick Benjamin is
playing both of you right now!
I'm not getting played.
just playing along.
Okay. listen carefully.
Listen to me.
So maybe this can all be settled
peacefully without blood on your hands.
And how would I do that?
If I can get to Shin Jae-yi.
make her recant and take the
blade back. would that work?
And how would I possibly
benefit from that?
You'll get
the Mantis.
A homecoming with MK.
You have one day to
get this settled.
[laughing]
[sniffles]
[phone vibrating]
LEE HAN-UL
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[phone vibrating]
[indistinct voice mail message]
[Mantis sighs]
[yells]
[sighs]
Okay.
What is it?
Tell everybody about
an upcoming funeral.
[indistinct chatter]
Good evening. Chairwoman Shin.
-I'm glad you came.
-How are you doing. sir?
Go on inside.
Can I talk to you?
About Bae-soo.
I did that.
He'd been doing unsanctioned
shows after he closed shop.
So why exactly should I care?
Wait?
You saying I'm at fault?
[clicks tongue]
No. it's all on me. [sighs]
The knife you sent the
old man the other day.
That was someone
else's idea. right?
It's my issue.
[Mantis sighs]
Take it back.
Why should I?
Because I don't want to
go to your funeral. okay?
Are there any more reasons
why I should listen to you?
After all. I rank higher.
Did you really hate me
when I ranked higher?
Is that why…
Why you wanted me dead?
[emotional music playing]
Dokgo told you that?
[pouring drink]
Well. I couldn't stand you.
Or myself.
Why couldn't I get a chance?
Why was it you all the time?
And why did you. a fucking prick. stay
by my side like some fucking moron?
Can you explain that?
[sighs]
If you fucking hated that I remained by
your side like a fucking moron. then…
Why didn't you just leave?
That would be running away.
I didn't wanna run
from you or anyone.
[inhales sharply]
Even when I lost. I
extended my hand to you.
Know that?
One should only grab hands
from the same height.
We're past convincing each
other with words. right?
Outside.
-[man] Whoa. Hey!
-[man 2] What the hell is going on?
-[man] What the fuck?
-[man 3] Wh… what the…
[man] Oh my God. I
don't understand.
[Bae-soo] Oh my.
Thank you so much… for
attending my funeral.
[man] What's happening?
[Bae-soo chuckles]
[whispers] Wait. um. what?
I'm not getting involved.
I…
It's been a while.
Ah. this is unexpected.
No need to cancel my funeral.
And MK knows that I'm alive.
-No doubt they'll send a new killer.
-What the hell do you think you're doing?
Mantis. I did some
thinking after we spoke.
I realized
if I can't be someone
who is needed.
I knew
I'd rather not be anything.
I'd rather not exist.
[mysterious music playing]
Su-min. please leave us alone.
[mysterious music continues]
You really screwed
it on this one.
This isn't something I
can cover up for you.
You know that. right?
[Mantis] I know.
It's a total shit show.
Jae-yi sent me this one.
Figure I'd reuse it for you.
And I'm supposed to take it.
[sighs]
Listen… [sighs]
I'm only approaching this
quietly because of who you are.
When are you gonna
meet with Jae-yi?
I'll be meeting her
first. then you.
Call once you have a
location and a time.
[music fades]
[sighs]
God. it's freezing.
How did you feel when you
sent Min-kyu that knife?
Oh. about the same that
you feel at this moment.
It feels like crap for everyone.
both sender and receiver.
You're bound to receive the bloody knife
from the person who was closest to you.
[somber music playing]
[man grunting]
[onlookers gasp]
Do you want to destroy
her or protect her?
[grunting]
Yeah.
If you want to protect
something. then you just do it.
[Bboombye] Hey. boss!
-Boss!
-[man 2 grunts]
Then again. that crafty senior
of yours is a strong one.
Wait. repeat what you just said.
Old man. listen. I sent that
knife you gave me to Jae-yi.
TOMORROW AT 5 MK
[breathes shakily]
[foreboding music playing]
Things will be messy
no matter what I do.
So now I'm gonna mess
things up a little.
[music fades]
[Su-min] Don't
forget your car keys.
I want you to have
that old clunker.
Why are you speaking like I'm never
seeing you again? See you tomorrow.
I'm going.
[Su-min] Come to think of it.
B also liked A. or so I think.
What did you say?
A and B you mentioned.
who were buddies long ago.
Well. that's…
That's what C. who might
have had a crush once on A.
thinks anyway.
[emotional music playing]
See you tomorrow.
LEE HAN-UL
You on your way?
This isn't necessary.
Just saying we might
wanna even our odds.
I'll wait on the
first floor. okay?
Before we go in. we should chat.
He's waiting for you
upstairs. Mantis.
[music fades]
Are you not going up?
I still have time.
The chairwoman came in already
and proceeded upstairs.
Ah. shit.
[beeps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[elevator dings]
What's wrong?
Expecting someone else?
Think you'd have a chance if
it was a two-on-one fight?
Actually. this will
work out nicer.
Oh yeah?
I'll just kill you right
now before she gets here.
Mmm.
[sighs]
Listen.
[elevator dings]
I'm gonna tell you how
things will proceed.
Before the door is fully opened.
I will be lunging at her.
If you find an opening with me.
you need to go for it.
[intense music playing]
[both grunting]
-[Dokgo yells]
-[Mantis] Mmm!
[groans]
Ah!
-What's wrong? Stings a bit?
-[panting]
[elevator dings]
[Dokgo grunts]
Shin Jae-yi. what
are you doing?!
I wanna be clear.
Chairwoman Shin.
This isn't a two-on-one fight.
First. it's just me and Mantis.
Unfortunately. he must fight in
front of what makes him weak.
He's trying to get you angry.
Mind games. that's all.
[Jae-yi sighs]
Stay focused!
What the fuck is your game?!
Fuck you.
No one agreed to a two-on-one.
This is one-on-one-on-one.
[dramatic music playing]
Are you serious?
[all grunting]
It's been a while. Shin Jae-yi.
[panting]
[mysterious music playing]
[action music playing]
[all grunting]
I spoke the truth.
I told you to quit
spending time on her.
[grunts]
[all grunting]
[Mantis groans]
[Mantis grunts]
[grunts]
[groans]
[sighs]
[grunts]
[shrieks]
[both grunting]
[Jae-yi yells]
-[Jae-yi shrieks]
-[Dokgo] No!
[Dokgo groans]
[both grunting]
[Jae-yi chokes. gasps]
[grunts]
-[Dokgo pants]
-[Mantis grunts]
[both grunting]
[groaning]
[Dokgo grunts]
[Mantis grunts]
[Mantis thuds]
[Jae-yi grunts]
[panting]
-[foreboding music playing]
-[Dokgo groans]
Ah.
So much work to
land a single blow.
[Dokgo groaning]
[Jae-yi] Now his legs are
just as messed up as yours.
Looks like you're both
at a disadvantage.
It seems Jae-yi's
smarter than you are.
[grunts] And I'm still here.
[grunts]
Look. old man. I
didn't wanna do this.
[exhales sharply]
But you have to learn…
That I'll never stop.
Look at me.
[both grunting]
Don't kid around!
So make me fight you for real.
-[action music playing]
-[grunting]
[Mantis yells]
[both grunting]
[Dokgo] Ah!
Ah! Ah!
[yells]
[grunts]
[groans]
[somber music playing]
[panting]
Don't look at me like that.
Retire.
Let's end it at that.
[Dokgo groans]
[panting]
Too much to go through again.
Look. old man. I
don't wanna kill you.
[labored breathing]
That's the dilemma here.
This won't end until
one of us dies.
[gasping]
Oh!
[squelching]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[groaning. choking]
[music fades]
[pensive music playing]
[gagging]
[choking]
[groans loudly]
[gagging]
[Jae-yi crying softly]
Did you really have to do that?
You have a habit
of pitying others…
And that makes them
miserable in your presence.
When you extended your hand to
me back then. it was out of pity.
I knew you let me win the fight.
[Jae-yi sighs]
I regret it at times.
I should've pretended
not to know.
Maybe I should've
just taken your hand.
I'm not sure where
that would've led.
[pensive music continues]
Jae-yi…
[inhales sharply]
…you did good.
You've done
everything you wanted.
You did great.
[button clicks]
[pensive music continues]
Uh…
[music fades]
[Benjamin] It's a
cruel world out there.
The strong prey on the weak.
And the weak are eaten alive.
How do we survive in
a world like this?
By following the
example of the world.
We should be cruel and powerful.
So what do we need to
get started on this path?
[man] Authority!
[woman] Money!
[man 2] Our parents' money!
[audience chuckles]
[Benjamin] Parents'
money. That's a good one.
Authority and wealth. you
don't need those to gain power.
Those are the trophies
power gets you.
Here's your first
step to success.
Being able to time things right.
We live in a world where yesterday's
friend becomes today's enemy.
And today's enemy
is tomorrow's ally.
Sometimes we are the prey.
and sometimes
we're the predator.
We must be ready to take
a stand and fight back
and know when to avoid a fight.
Just knowing the
right time to strike
begins your successful path.
[applause]
Fantastic speech. sir.
I sure hope that this heartfelt
message reaches the youth.
-[man chuckles]
-Thanks.
Real nice job out there.
You liked the message?
Most definitely.
It struck a chord.
The section about knowing
the right moment to strike.
Of course. That was
the important section.
-The MK takeover. is it going well?
-Yes. We'll be finished very soon.
Congrats.
I really picked the
right one for the job.
Raising you has
brought such joy.
I owe it all to you. sir.
Give me a status
report tomorrow.
Have a good day. sir.
[Bboombye sighs]
When's our time to strike?
Soon.
-[tires squeal]
-[grunts] Oh!
[Benjamin] Huh?
[Jae-yi] I passed it off
to an up-and-coming
group needing a show.
Didn't I tell you. motherfucker.
that the next time you saw
me. you'd be dead. huh?!
[dance music playing]
[music fades]
[emotional music playing]